Release 1.2.0 (#52)
chmurakrajowa/terraform-provider-ochk: docs/resources/router.md

# Router Resource

> Resource for managing Tier-1 logical router to provides routing functionality in a virtual environment. 

Author: ```suggestion
Resource for managing Tier-1 logical router providing routing functionality in a virtual environment. 
```
